codex/Neptune.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Neptune
accent: var(--cl-indigo)
section: Codex
categories: [Locations, Planets]
---

{% include infobox_planet.html
    name="Neptune"
    system="Sol" 
    quarter="Terran Core Quarter"
    catname="Sol i"
    cattime="11M 846"
    demonym="Neptunian"

    dist=4540000000
    year="164.80y"
    ecc="0.001"
    sidereal="16h 6m 36s"
    axial=28.3
    sats="Triton<br>
          Innumerable natural satellites<br>
          Numerous artificial stations"

    massBase=1.024
    massExp=26
    radius=24622
    grav=11.15
    age="4.45 Gy"

    composition="80% hydrogen<br>
                 18% helium<br>
                 1% methane<br>
                 < 1% other gases and ices<br>"

    pop="292.784 million"
    affil="[Terran Federation](Terran_Federation)"
    settled="12M 140"
    capital="Alexis"
    %}

**Uranus** (**Sol h**) is an ice giant of [Sol](Sol). It has a dark blue or indigo colouration, with
a wealth of varied atmospheric features that can be seen from orbit.

## History
-

## Society
-

## Economy
-

Commit message:

Update to Neptune and Uranus

codex/Neptune.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Neptune
accent: var(--cl-indigo)
section: Codex
categories: [Locations, Planets]
---

{% include infobox_planet.html
    name="Neptune"
    system="Sol" 
    quarter="Terran Core Quarter"
    catname="Sol i"
    cattime="11M 846"
    demonym="Neptunian"

    dist=4540000000
    year="164.80y"
    ecc="0.001"
    sidereal="16h 6m 36s"
    axial=28.3
    sats="Triton<br>
          Innumerable natural satellites<br>
          Numerous artificial stations"

    massBase=1.024
    massExp=26
    radius=24622
    grav=11.15
    age="4.45 Gy"

    composition="80% hydrogen<br>
                 18% helium<br>
                 1% methane<br>
                 < 1% other gases and ices<br>"

    pop="262.784 million"
    affil="[Terran Federation](Terran_Federation)"
    settled="12M 140"
    capital="Alexis"
    %}

**Neptune** (**Sol i**) is an ice giant of [Sol](Sol). It has a striking dark blue colouration, with
a wealth of varied atmospheric features that can be seen from orbit.

## History
Given the planet's distance from [Earth](Earth) - over 10 astronomical units further than its inner
neighbour, [Uranus](Uranus) - [Terran](Terran) settlement of Neptune remained slow during the Terran
warp age. [Triton](Triton) was the first of the moons of Neptune to be settled on, and would remain
the only significantly populated natural satellite of the ice giant.

Economic interest in Neptune began to grow rapidly with future improvements to Terran [warp](Warp_drive)
technology, and then eventually with the induction of the [antimatter](Antimatter) economy, with demand
for hydrogen fueling investment into the planetary system.

During the [Solstice War](Solstice_War), the Neptunian system offered an accessible strategic gateway
into the Sol system. It is known that revolutionary forces would often hide within Neptune's deep and
ferocious cloud cover to evade [Union](Terran_Union) forces, although such cover came with risk. It
is estimated that hundreds of derelict craft may still be coasting within the Neptunian atmosphere.

Like many of the moons of the Solar outer planets, Triton was subject to the partial closed terraforming
of its surface, although its more remote location makes maintaining a comfortable day/night cycle
more challenging than on other moons like [Rhea](Rhea).

## Society
-

## Economy
-
